Valid Wallet Address: An address to or from which a transaction can be committed on the blockchain
Private Key: A unique identifier known only to the customer of bank
Digital Signature: A mechanism to verify a public and private key combination.
Smart Contract:A computer program code that is capable of facilitating, executing, and enforcing the negotiation or performance of an agreement (i.e. contract) using blockchain technology. The entire process is automated can act as a complement, or substitute, for legal contracts, where the terms of the smart contract are recorded in a computer language as a set of instructions. It is a set of If-Then rules that trigger on various events and perform necessary actions.
Ethereum: A public, open source blockchain network that can be custom made to suit the business needs
Customer: A node in the blockchain that can perform transactions
KYC or Know your Customer is the policy to identify and keep track of all the customers who commit transactions on the BoB blockchain.
Externally owned Account: Account held by an individual customer, which has a balance
Contract Account: Account that has both balance and contract storage. The contract code execution is triggered by transactions or messages (calls) received from other contracts.
Header of a candidate block: the first transaction at the beginning of a blockchain
Nonce: short for Number once, is the number combination that is appended at the end of the message, so that hash of the message will match with the hash of the header of a candidate block

Transaction: Any exchange of money or property. A transaction contains the following:
the recipient of the message
a signature identifying the sender and proving their intention to send the message via the blockchain to the recipient
The amount of wei to transfer from the sender to the recipient
an optional data field, which can contain the message sent to a contract
a value, representing the maximum number of computational steps the transaction execution is allowed to take
a  value representing the fee the sender is willing to pay for gas. One unit of gas corresponds to the execution of one atomic instruction, i.e., a computational step

Consensus on a blockchain: The mechanism by which the third party calculate the nonce of the message that matches the hash of the candidate block header
